hello friends that such a Pedro Garcia with
you today in the remedies section
that curren I want to talk about hawthorn
white hawthorn white hawthorn
It has relaxing and anti-aging properties
Stressful
this comes in handy for periods of
work that we are not able to
fall asleep periods of
training that we have not trained
a lot and we are very tired we are not
able to sleep we are stressed or
just to relax to sleep
well at night an infusion of hawthorn
white helps you sleep and rest
At night, remember at night
when muscles grow muscles
they do not grow when the gym ends
they grow at night when you're
resting then what is there
to do for the hawthorn for
catch it
the good time is the beginning of the
spring in early May although
we have advanced the final spring of
March you have to be careful the fine
white surely you recognize this
frequents almost all roads
Spanish there is hawthorn on a tree
mediterranean and good what characteristics
He has hawthorn
It has some small skewers and if you
you will see that the sheet is
starry
It has stretch marks and the flowers are
little flowers with some shades
rosaceous on the tip
of agreement does not measure more than two meters and
half three meters that is a tree
easily recognizable how we do for
catch it is very simple
the scissors we cut what they are
the sheet
some leaves and flowers
We put this in today I picked up a bag
of plastic because he did not have another bag
but the holes that you take a bag of
fabric and in the cloth bag are left
dry off
it's easy we catch
only the flowers with some leaves and
in
the collection is very simple
with a morning that I am with the family
at home and you want to go to the field
spring remember you have in spring
when you catch it
a good day to spend in the countryside and that
besides a remedy that is going to come
fantastic to rest how it's done
to take it as I said in the
Cloth bag once it is dry caught
a handful for example so that
and the six in boiling water
as if it were a common chamomile node
and rest and you take it at night with
sugar with sugar without sugar the taste is
very soft and very nice
so you know here you have the hawthorn
white or the hawthorn that will help you
to sleep and sure that this remedy
help come see you in the next
see you soon